dns/cloudflared: add warning to add shebang in bash file (#857)
pi-hole/docs: docs/guides/dns/cloudflared.md

sudo chown root:root /etc/cron.weekly/cloudflared-updater
```

<!-- markdownlint-disable code-block-style -->
!!! warning

>     Make sure to add shebang `#!/bin/bash` in the beginning of the file.

Reviewer: Thanks for your PR.

Do you think it would be enough to change the text to

```
If you want to have the system update cloudflared automatically, simply place the update commands for your configuration method in a bash script at /etc/cron.weekly/cloudflared-updater, and adjust permissions:
```

to make users aware that a shebang is needed?
___

Otherwise I would suggest

```suggestion
    Make sure to add shebang `#!/bin/bash` in the beginning of the `/etc/cron.weekly/cloudflared-updater`.
```
